Hi listeners, welcome back to No Priors.
Today I'm here with Simon Last,
co-founder at Notion. We talk about
their new vision for Notion in the AI
age as a platform for humans and agents
to collaborate, how the engineering and
product org at Notion is changing,
[music] and these new tools for thought.
Welcome, Simon. Hey Simon, thanks for
doing this. Yeah, of course. Yeah, it's
really fun to be here. Notion's at
scale, amazing platform, lots of users.
You did start quite a while ago. I think
of Notion as one of the companies that
has really like raced AI quite
aggressively. I was told you first got
your hands on GPT-4 at a company offsite
in Mexico.
Is that true? What is the origin story
of like starting to work on this stuff?
Yeah, I think Yeah, that year, that was
2022.
I I've been watching, you know, what's
going on. In general, I've just been
like super curious about the technology
and
fascinated to to try everything and
think about like how we can apply it. It
wasn't until I played with GPT-4 that it
it became really, really real. So, you
know, we
And when we got access to it, it was it
was sort of like a a proto chat GPT like
interface.
Um
And my co-founder Ivan and I both both
got access and it was just immediately
clear, like I would say two big things.
One is that it was just
pretty smart. It could follow reasonably
complicated instructions. It could write
things for you, could edit things. And
and the second big thing was that
at the scope of its knowledge was
extremely interesting. Super, super deep
like
and and broad world knowledge. When we
played with it, it became just instantly
clear to both of us, like, okay, the the
time is now to start thinking about how
to apply this. It's only going to get
better. We're talking about Mexico,
GPT-4. You guys saw it was like clearly
the time. Did you start with like a
particular vision of like
what you should obviously be able to do
with AI in Notion, or did you start
pulling people from different teams, or
recruiting people and say, like, let's
experiment. How did you begin? I think
we immediately had a long-term and a
short-term vision, I would say. The the
I'll start with the short-term one. The
the thing that was immediately obvious
was, oh, it could be like a writing
assistant. Mhm. Um so it it could be in
your document. You can like select some
text, have it rewrite it. You could have
it write text for you, maybe look
something up, and then uh you know,
give you like like sources or more
information. So that was the thing that
we immediately like like got to work on,
and you know, we sort of started a tiger
team around it, and then we were able to
launch it in like 2 or 3 months after
that. And then the long-term vision that
we immediately had was like, oh, the
thing that looks like it may be possible
is more of like a general assistant.
So,
what if you could just give it all the
tools
inside Notion that a human would have be
able to like create its own databases,
query and manipulate them, create
documents, edit them, uh and sort of
weave all of these things together to do
like a longer-range task. And so we we
sort of
uh immediately started on both. The the
short-term one we were able to ship very
quickly, and then the long-term one
didn't really work yet. And so that took
much longer to get working. Are there
like specific
first launch of the AI-specific Notion
features and products was when? Last
year? No, it was uh it was uh February
2023 is when we
launched, yeah. My timelines are wrong.
Um are there like a few um specific
learnings or breakthrough moments you
think since beginning to release that
are interesting? Yeah, I mean, there's
been it's it's it's been a slog over
many years or over all the years at this
point with with Yeah. With with many
many learnings. I I would say yeah, that
I mean, I just to give you a timeline of
the arc of what what we shipped is, you
know, so
the first thing was our our writing
system. Uh we called it AI Writer. Um
that's the first thing we launched. Uh
it was easiest to get working cuz it's
like single-step task, rewriting editing
text. Uh there's no like retrieval
aspect. It was just like raw access to
the model to write text. Uh
um to write the text. The next uh the
next big thing that we uh that we uh
immediately started working on was uh
Q&A. Doing a semantic index of the
entire workspace and then letting you
ask a question and and it can I give you
an answer that's that's grounded in the
sources. That was also immediately
obvious to us that that'd be super
useful. And so we started to work on
that. That one we launched in I think it
was October 2023.
So we started a beta before then but
then that would our our GA was in
October. That was a much bigger effort
to get it working obviously. We weren't
just like like plugging in the LLM. It
was actually doing this like real-time
updating index. Right. We had to get
much more serious about the
evals and the quality there as well. The
the Q&A has been a
a multi-year journey. Basically what
what we did is
as soon as we got the Notion index
working
it it was obvious that okay, we should
index everything else as well. And and
so we index like Slack and Google Drive
and
we're launching new ones uh
on a on a regular cadence and and and
now we have a
I would say fairly complete index.
>> that those are like very difficult
problems that you know, those products
natively have not solved perfectly yet.
So how did you think about taking that
on? I don't know if that's like an
offensive thing to other product teams
but like it's not working yet.
>> Yeah, it's it's kind of true. Yeah, this
has been
something we talk about a lot because
it's like
you know, it's like almost like what
right do we even have to do this? But
but it turns out that
most of companies are pretty bad at
making their indexes.
Somehow it's honestly kind of baffled us
a little bit. Right.
>> But I I think my take after
dealing with all of this and you know,
working with the teams trying to get it
working
is there's a little bit of just AI
pilled savviness that's pretty
important. And then and then I think
most of it is honestly just like a bit
of like like craft and attention to
detail. I think like
in in particular with this like indexing
retrieval stuff in order to really get
it working
you you have to be quite empirical and
iterative and actually be like like
trying queries. Like you know, you only
like each each uh data source is a
little bit special. Like you know,
you can't just apply a one-size-fits-all
to like querying Slack versus querying
Google Drive, let's say. They're they're
completely different kinds of
information. And we found that there's
just a little bit of like like craft and
love that's going into it in terms of
like actually trying a bunch of
different queries, actually using it
every day, and constantly
iterating and rethinking and and and
tuning how the retrieval works. How did
you um think about the diversity of how
people organize their workspaces and
just their I mean, even Notion is not
use of it is not homogeneous, right?
Like I'm probably part of
15 workspaces as an investor. And so I
look at them and I'm like, well, mine's
a mess and these people are really
organized and the workflows reflected in
how their Notion works. Yeah, totally. I
would say, I mean, the interesting thing
is that with embeddings it almost
doesn't matter as much Mhm. anymore. The
the AI doesn't really care what the what
the the tree structure is.
For example, the all all the AI cares
about is that there's a snippet of text
that has the the context you need and
that it can retrieve it. And so
actually, we kind of advise people now,
like don't worry as much about
organization. Just just find a way to
get it all piped in and like like throw
it in there. You still make decisions
that could change performance quite a
bit, like chunking strategy or whatever,
right?
>> Yeah, yeah, so Yeah. That's super
important. But but that's sort of not
that's sort of uh transparent to the
user and sort of
in independent of their their particular
method of organizing things. Mhm. It
just seems like still a difficult
technical challenge given how different
the content bases are. Yeah, yeah. Yeah,
I think yeah, that took a lot of
iteration. Yeah.
The chunk sizing, how retrieval works,
the different like steps in the pipeline
of retrieval, um Yeah, there's a a lot
of iteration on that. Ivan said I should
ask you um how many times you've rebuilt
Notion and rebuilt your harnesses. Yeah,
yeah, it's kind of a running joke
almost. I mean, we we we rewrite our AI
harness probably every 6 months or so.
And it and the time to rewrite has kind
of been been decreasing just cuz I mean,
like like products have been
accelerating. I think this is honestly a
a a really key thing and something that
a lot of companies get wrong is just
like
doing one thing and then just like like
sticking with it. You really do have to
keenly aware of
what the current state of the model is
and the technology is and then designing
the harness and system in the product
deeply around that and
it basically means you have to rewrite
it every 6 months and um I find it
pretty fun. It's part of the process. Um
you know, you get to get to restart and
and and and rethink it.
You know, we're working on
a a we're about to release a new version
of our harness like in the next
week or two uh and then and then we're
already thinking about the one after
that as well. I I think that leads to a
a set of questions I have for you on
just like how does Notion as an
engineering and product and research
organization work now that you have the
power of um
coding agents as well because I imagine
like your willingness to rewrite the
harness
goes up dramatically like agents are
going to help me do it. Yeah, that's
extremely true. Yeah, I mean I yeah,
it's been it's been really fun to uh to
use the coding agents. I I think the
ambition of what I even consider
building is as
has gone up a lot. What do you think has
most dramatically changed in how you
think about how um engineering and
product should work at Notion over the
last 2 3 years? Woof, yeah, I mean it's
it's definitely changed multiple times.
I mean in terms of the coding agents, we
kind of went through multiple eras.
There was kind of like the tab auto
complete era and then we and then we got
into sort of
inserting
rewriting some code
uh but but it wasn't really until the
the agents started working. I I would
say like early last year uh we started
to
adopt the agents like I started using
cloud code I think around April last
year. That was a huge unlock. Like I
would say the the the big shift there is
that, you know, you can really push on
getting these agents to end-to-end, you
know, implement and and verify and
maintain stuff, but it but it requires
pretty significant thought in terms of
how you architect things and what is the
verification loop.
Um
but but but the upshot is I think if you
do it well, you can be much more
ambitious about what you're building and
also make it much more robust than you
could have done with with with humans
writing it. And then the flip side is if
you do it badly, it's all slop. Does
that change your lens of like what teams
should look like at Notion? Like size,
seniority, anything like that? Yeah, I
mean I would say I mean the fundamental
effect is that, you know, everyone's
individual impact in terms of their
output can be much higher.
Um and your output increasingly depends
on your ability and willingness to use
the tools. I I think that's the
fundamental thing that's happening. And
then like like how does that
play out? I think I don't think we've
seen that much impact on the the team
size really. I think we we like to work
in like smallish tiger teams
for the most part. Um I think
if you can make team small, it's almost
always better. That was true before and
I think it's still true. Um maybe
increasingly a little bit, but but but
not that much. I I think
Yeah, the main thing is to just like
like really harness the tools. Do you
think something different happens to the
median engineering organization versus
the 10x engineer or the engineer 10x
more willing to use the tools? Yeah, I
think the the gap is bigger. You can be
like a 100 or 1,000x engineer if you use
the tools right now. I think I think the
the gap is much bigger. Like the the the
minimum bar has not changed, but the
maximum bar has has
extremely increased. One impact it's had
internally I would say is like
broadly things feel like a little bit
more messy and chaotic. I would say like
but I kind of love that. I mean it's
like there's there's more proto there's
way more prototypes. Uh you know,
people are like uh for example, our uh
design team made an made an entire
Git repo. Uh they call it uh the design
playground. And it's essentially like a
simplified Notion
uh with a bunch of like UI primitives
Okay. Got it. and they've made it like
really sophisticated. You know, it it
has like an agent in there and like um
and it's it's pretty cool cuz it allows
them all the designers can can spin up
like super high fidelity prototypes Mhm.
really quickly. And so it's no longer
like like pointing at a mock and being
like like you know, like like how would
this look like? They'll give you like a
URL to a prototype that's that's that's
been deployed. And that sort of thing is
true all the way up and down the stack,
you know, for all of engineering. It's
just like a little bit more chaotic,
more stuff happening.
Um all the PRs are more ambitious. Do
you draw a line somewhere about like
stuff that is more dangerous to touch or
sensitive? Like ah, there's could be a
risk of data loss over here or and not?
Or is it kind of you look at it all as
it's fair game? We still do reviews on
all the pull requests. And and I would
say and you know, all the pull requests
are now written by agents. They're often
like larger and and and more complex.
That's like the worst part. But the
better part is that they're often like a
much better tested and we can demand
sort of a much better testing for the
things that merit it. I never produce a
PR that like hasn't been
like fully end-to-end tested.
anymore. And so it's like you can get to
a pretty high degree of confidence that
that it works. But it requires like
you're not just vibe coding
by by saying the thing you want. You're
sort of thinking carefully about like
what is the thing I'm trying like what
is the change I'm trying to make and
like and and how can it be verified and
how can it be deployed safely? And then
enlisting the agent to help you with
that process. When you think about where
you said the general assistant like
doesn't quite exist yet, um what's the
what do you imagine Notion's agent
agent's being able to do like over the
next year or two that are still
unblocked they're still blocked by
either capability or your harness work?
We struggled for a few years to build an
agent. Um
and you know, it always like like sort
of worked, but then
you know, wasn't that useful. Largely
just it was too early. So we you know,
we we tried to to build an agent I would
say actually three or four times.
And then uh
we finally launched it last fall so like
last August, September. Um so the if you
use Notion AI now, it's like the full
agent that has access to everything in
Notion pretty much. Um, so that that
that totally works. I would say
like the
a lot of the original vision that we had
totally works now. Um, and it, you know,
it's like like fully shipped. Last
August
August or September, uh, uh, we shipped
our personal agent. Uh, so it's pretty
much every user in Notion
has an agent. And basically, it has
access to all the all all the things
that the user has access to. As you
know, it can create a database for you.
It can update things, create documents.
It can search search the web, do
research. And then the second big thing,
uh, that we just launched uh, uh, last
week, actually, was uh, uh, custom
agents. So you can basically you can
create a new custom agent, give it a
name.
And unlike the personal agent, uh, by
default, it doesn't have access to
anything.
Uh, so you have to grant it access. But
then once you do, it can actually run
autonomously in the background.
So for example, you can give it access
to its own database, uh, to file tasks,
let's say. And then you can attach it
uh, to a Slack channel. And then it will
start
responding to people on Slack and uh,
uh, fulfilling tasks. That's That's
That's one use case. Another one, you
maybe you could, um, you could give it
access to a database of like weekly
reports. And then and then let it search
the web or search your workspace. And so
it's sort of a custom agent sort of
represents some work or job, some some
knowledge work tasks that you want to be
done autonomously. One thing I'm really
excited about this going forward is is,
um,
we want it to be extremely good at sort
of
bootstrapping its own capabilities.
Basically, from an initial kernel,
allowing it to basically bootstrap
itself to do anything, right? So even
for example, maybe uh, uh, building an
integration that we don't support yet.
Deploying that and then and and then
using it. So you imagine that Notion
agents are actually the broader
definition of agent where like writing
code is a tool it's that it has access
to.
>> I think it's pretty key. Yeah. I think I
I think of coding agents as like the
kernel of AGI. AGI will be a coding
agent. Um, and and and and code is just
a really, really useful uh, a primitive
for representing like uh, deterministic
logic. The thing that's really exciting
about it um
replying it to to a knowledge work agent
is that it can bootstrap a capability.
You know, so yeah, like I said, if
integration doesn't exist, it can build
it.
Um if if it needs to uh you know,
connect itself to a new data source, it
can do that. Given you have a you know,
Notion, is that scale, but it's
operating in a landscape of productivity
and platform players that are at even
more scale, right? Um many of these will
end up with their own agents. Lots of
people from the labs, the Microsoft
worlds are trying to integrate other
data sources. So, you have this like
cross attempt to integrate and index.
Like, how do you think that plays out?
Like, what what do you what do you
imagine that Notion agents are best at
or what they have the right to go do? If
you look at the landscape, like I I
would sort of say there's the labs, and
then there's maybe the the the the
software platforms, and then there's
maybe like infrastructure. In terms of
the labs, you know, we see ourselves as
kind of like the the Switzerland for
models. We think and our customers they
you know, they don't want to be locked
into a certain certain labs model.
They're always uh releasing new
versions.
Any given month, one is better than the
other. Um so,
we want to be a a a place where
basically you can you can easily get
access to all the best models um anytime
and you can easily
switch around. Do you think open source
plays into that as well?
>> Yeah. Yeah.
Absolutely. I think uh the open source
models are actually getting really good.
There's like the four different Chinese
models now that are that are quite good.
>> Yeah. We actually just uh released one
of them in our agent uh last week and
and we're going to do all four for sure.
Um
They're they're actually quite good. And
they're and and they're way cheaper than
the the frontier models. So, I think
there's there's a lot of use cases where
where where you'd want that. And we want
to give that as an option. In terms of
like the other you know, so you know, we
think of our role as sort of
a taking all the best models that we
can,
creating uh really high-quality
state-of-the-art agent implementations
where where people can easily and
conveniently get access to them.
And then we making sort of a
collaborative workspace that is
really good for for humans and for the
agents
to to to coordinate on. I think it's
it's something that's that's very needed
in the world and we're just trying to do
it in a really tasteful, well-executed
way. You were describing
you need the index to make the agents
good.
You give the agents access to the tools
that we humans have in Ocean. How do you
think about the structure of Notion and
like where it's like useful or even like
not useful or relevant for agents? Like
blocks and databases and such. It's all
still pretty useful.
Extremely useful.
There there's been a
a challenge to sort of
you know, we want to make it really
convenient for the agent. I think that's
that's a new thing that that didn't
exist. You know, in the in the past it
was convenient for humans and then we
also made APIs convenient for humans
writing code. Mhm. to our API. So
we essentially have a new customer which
is the agent. At first, that was
definitely a problem. You know, so for
example, like our our API
uses this this crazy JSON format for
blocks that by default is like
crazy verbose and like like horrible for
the agent. But we basically took on that
challenge and
um
designed just really convenient APIs for
the agent. We created sort of a markdown
dialect that um
looks like the default normal markdown,
but it's sort of enhanced with
all the Notion blocks.
And the models are really good at it. It
works really well. So so that's how it
reads and writes the pages.
And then for databases, we we use
SQLite.
So so basically it's like it's to speak
in SQLite. Which also works really well.
So the default thing did not work really
well, but then we just
like like took that on as an engineering
challenge and
and I would say now we have like
extremely convenient APIs that the
agents are really naturally good at. How
did you
understand
or figure out what
would make the API better for agents?
>> That's a good question. Yeah, I would
say it's a it's a combination of just
trying things. It's it's it's very
empirical. So So we're just playing
around and like like noticing, "Oh, it's
not very good at that. Oh, that's way
too many tokens. How can we make this
smaller?" And then a little bit of just
like like first principles thinking of
like, you know, what is it the models
are being trained on and what's the
what's in their prior? What do they
know? And what do what do we think it
would naturally be good at? And And like
like how does the agent loop work? And
like what
what would be the convenient efficient
pattern for for accessing these things?
Um and so And then just, you know,
a lot of playing around.
I hear user research where the user is
actually agent and then, you know,
ongoing eval.
>> Yeah, I mean you Yeah, you just chat
with it.
The user's always there. It's ready to
talk to you. Yeah, I Actually, that is
wonderful where you have infinite access
to it.
>> Infinite access to it. Yeah. And And you
can you can script and scale the access
as well.
I assume you have
Actually, I know you do because you
walked in and you're like, "Hey, I need
to get access to Wi-Fi. I need power. We
can't block the agents while we're doing
this." Um what do you have running right
now? Tell me about your setup. I'm
working on a new prototype. And so, I
have a couple agents I'm working on
that. Um
And then, yeah, my setup these days is
just um
either Claude code or Codex. I like the
the the CLI tools. Um they're they're
they're super simple and like work
pretty well. I'm I'm pretty comfortable
in the CLI, so. And then, yeah, my my
>> You don't need a generated game to use
the CLI. It's It's a very cool idea. Um
I would say, yeah, my my my whole goal
these days is essentially to just have
as many running as possible and to run
them all the time. And, you know, so for
example, like every night before I go to
bed,
I'm I'm like, "Okay, I
>> Let's go, guys.
>> Yeah, basically what I have to do is
make sure that I've given it enough
stuff that by the time I wake up in the
morning, it will still not be done. And
so, I've I've maximized
>> That's victory. Yeah, that's that's
victory. So, yeah, like I've I've I've
done that I would say last last five
nights
pretty well. My personal record is that
I've had a a coding agent running for I
think it was 13 days straight uh
without stopping.
And just
just basically working through like
tasks. Well well prompted. Yes, I I
admit to having woken up in the middle
of the night at least multiple times
this week and just being like, "Are you
still going?" Yeah, I know. Yeah, it's
it
it's kind of nerve-wracking. I I always
like there's always like I'll I'll check
it one last time before I bed and just
really make sure that it's still
spinning. What about on the Notion
agents? Like do you have a workflow
there that is core to daily work? Yeah,
I mean I mean I I use our personal agent
all the time, so it's it it has all the
context about about our company and
everything that's going on, you know, so
like
uh for example, last night I was asking
you about um how the custom agents
launch was was going and like like like
what the what the signals we're getting
from it. Uh we're super useful for that.
And then for I I have many custom agents
that are that are running. Uh my my my
personal favorite is I have a email
triage agent. So, it has access to all
of my work and personal emails.
Um
and it just uh wakes up every day and
just archives all the stuff I don't need
to see. Uh trained it over time to uh to
to learn my preferences. Do you actually
label data for it? It's pretty easy to
do this actually. So, all you have to do
is you make the agent and then you give
it access to your email and then you you
can make a blank page that's like its
memory Mhm. and you let it edit that
page.
And then you just say, "Okay, now go and
uh look at my emails and then interview
me. Ask me which things, you know." So,
it sort of it will like
propose things that it thinks it should
archive Mhm. and then you can kind of
correct it and then we'll use that to
essentially generate like a list of
rules about like like what it thinks are
correct or not. And so, for the first
couple days I was sort of like like like
uh correcting it on things. After a
couple weeks or so, I I I I dropped the
approval entirely and it it just
automatically archives all the things I
don't see now. Wow, that's a lot of
trust.
>> It it completely solved my email
problems cuz for me like
I don't I don't use email that much for
work stuff. Like it's it's mostly in
Slack. 95% of the personal emails and
work emails that I get I don't need to
see at all. And so it's just a waste of
time. And so it completely solved that.
So now whenever my inbox it's like only
stuff I need to see. I've got lots of
custom agents running. There's another
one
that I built that
triages customer
all all internal feedback and
and uh
a bug. So we have a Slack channel
where basically
people just just post random like
product feedback and bugs. In the past
it was it was sort of sometimes get
answered but then sometimes like like
haphazardly get ignored just cuz you
know there's so many teams running
things.
So its entire job is just to route it to
the right place.
And and
it it uses similar sort of like like
memory pattern where it sort of learns
on the fly
where it's supposed to file bugs.
And then over time it's built up like
like hundreds of rules that it just sort
of like like learned over time. You
know, so for example like if there's a
there's a bug about the mobile app it
knows to route to the mobile team and
then file a task in their database. Do
you look at that
like the generated and updated memory
like because it's legible to you to say
like does that make sense to me? I think
I did it I did at first but then sort of
once you trust it's kind of working you
you kind of ignore it. And then if if it
ever breaks I'll
I'll go fix it. It'll break every now
and then and then
But the benefit of not reading your
email is
here.
>> Yeah, you just not read it. So yeah.
Yeah, I I mean generally I would say
yeah, the the general pattern I follow
is sort of I I build it as a prototype.
I have it in sort of like an approval
mode where I'm sort of you know
watching it closely. And then but then
after it runs a bunch of times you kind
of trust that it's working and then
Is there anything you do internally at
Notion to
make sure non-technical teams have the
intuition for how to build agents or how
to like express that productivity, too.
Yeah, it's a great question. I I mean,
we do uh sort of workshops and
hackathons
pre frequently. So, like uh uh for
example, like a month ago, I did a I did
a hackathon with uh the the people team
and sort of sort of got them. The The
people team's been amazing. They're
actually one of the
the highest adopters of custom agents.
You know, they do all these kind of
workflows in like Slack and Notion, kind
of like like manual work like that. And
um
and yeah, I would say yeah, like like
people are super excited to
to try it and sort of like like maybe
just need a like a little bit of a push
in terms of intuition and like like
getting them started. Um but then
Honestly, I've been super impressed.
Like I I I think the concept is
like kind of intuitive. Sort of like
like once you get once you get past sort
of a little bit of the technical barrier
of like what is a prompt and like what
is the agent and how does it get
triggered and woken up and like like how
does that even work? But then
once you sort of get past that, I think
it's actually a very human-like
interface. Yeah, maybe the maybe the
biggest barrier is actually just getting
people to try and assuming it's going to
work at all. Right. Yeah. Yeah. You and
Ivan originally met
on the internet, Tools for Thought
community. Um
it feels like
you know, the tools we have for thinking
are very different now. Has your like
core conception of Notion changed over
the last few years because of all the AI
stuff?
Like what what is the what what thinking
does the tool do for you? Should agents
do for you? What do you get to do? Yeah,
I mean, it's I would say changed quite a
lot. I mean,
broadly speaking,
before AI, our our our our goal was to
create the best tool for humans
to directly perform their work. Mhm. And
then now the goal is to create the best
tool for humans to
manage agents to do the work for them.
That's a big shift. That's a pretty big
shift. Uh it's it's pretty fundamental.
Um but it it turns out that you need
most of the same primitives. Uh
you actually all the primitives that we
built are actually still extremely
useful. It's it's more that we just
needed some some new primitives like
like representing what is an agent and
you know how to interact with your pages
and databases, but you know you still
need the same primitives. You still need
a document. It's an unstructured way to
you know to write stuff. Uh agents love
to write markdown
documents, so
it's still very relevant. And you still
need a database. It's um
you still need a structured data. You
know, if you're working with your your
swarm of like 100 background coding
agents, you don't want to have 100 chat
threads. Uh you want a Kanban board.
It's you know the same as before. Makes
sense you still need the the
coordination structure. What is one
thing that just because you're ahead of
the on this stuff and then trying to
figure out how to bring
you know, Notion and then users along
with you. What is something that's
really changed about um how you
personally like build even in the last 6
months? I mean it's completely changed.
I haven't written code
since like last summer. I don't type
code anymore. Mhm. Yeah, it's it's it's
completely shifted. I mean we went from
humans type all the code
to like we're still typing, but we like
tab complete to sort of like we talk to
the agent and it sort of does little
tasks for us, but we are still in the
outer loop. And then now it's more like
I I design a end-to-end task that
involves like making some change and
end-to-end verifying it. And then I'm
just the the outer you know the outer
verifier sort of like like
double-checking at the very end that it
that's correct. And if it's going off
the rails kind of like like monitoring
it. Um so it's a com- it's a complete
shift. It's you know, I'm I'm now like
the agent manager
instead of the coder. Amazing. Well, um
thanks Simon. This has been a super
great discussion about how we're all
going to become agent managers and uh uh
hopefully in Notion. Cool. Yeah.
Find us on Twitter at No Priors Pod.
[music] Subscribe to our YouTube channel
if you want to see our faces. Follow the
show on Apple [music] Podcasts, Spotify,
or wherever you listen. That way you get
a new episode every week. And sign up
for emails or find transcripts for every
episode at no-priors.com. [music]